Revised the enumeration types article (#16235)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/enum.md

---
# Enumeration types (C# reference)

> An enumeration type (or enum type) is a value type that is defined by a set of named constants of the underlying [integral numeric](integral-numeric-types.md) type. To define an enumeration type, use the `enum` keyword and specify the names of *enum members*:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
An enumeration type (or enum type) is a value type defined by a set of named constants of the underlying [integral numeric](integral-numeric-types.md) type. To define an enumeration type, use the `enum` keyword and specify the names of *enum members*:
```

}
```

You cannot define a method inside the definition of an enumeration type. To add functionality to an enumeration type, create an [extension method](../../programming-guide/classes-and-structs/extension-methods.md).

The default value of an enumeration type `E` is the value produced by expression `(E)0`, even if zero doesn't have the corresponding enum member.

> You use an enumeration type to represent a choice from a set of mutually exclusive values or a combination of choices. To be able to represent a combination of choices, define an enumeration type as bit flags.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
You use an enumeration type to represent a choice from a set of mutually exclusive values or a combination of choices. To represent a combination of choices, define an enumeration type as bit flags.
```

[!code-csharp[enum flags](~/samples/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/EnumType.cs#Flags)]

For more information and examples, see the <xref:System.FlagsAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> API reference page and the [Non-exclusive members and the Flags attribute](/dotnet/api/system.enum#non-exclusive-members-and-the-flags-attribute) section of the <xref:System.Enum?displayProperty=nameWithType> API reference page.

## The System.Enum type and enum constraint

The <xref:System.Enum?displayProperty=nameWithType> type is the abstract base class of all enumeration types. It provides a number of methods to get information about an enumeration type and its values. For more information and examples, see the <xref:System.Enum?displayProperty=nameWithType> API reference page.

Beginning with C# 7.3, you can use `System.Enum` in a base class constraint (that is known as the [enum constraint](../../programming-guide/generics/constraints-on-type-parameters.md#enum-constraints)) to specify that a type parameter is an enumeration type.

## Conversions

> For an enumeration type `E` with an underlying type `U`, there exist explicit conversions from `E` to `U` and from `U` to `E`. If you [cast](../operators/type-testing-and-cast.md#cast-operator-) an enum value of type `E` to an underlying type `U`, the result is the associated integral value of an enum member.

Reviewer: I'd say this a little less like the spec language:

```suggestion
For any enumeration type, there exist explicit conversions between the enumeration type and its underlying intergral type. If you [cast](../operators/type-testing-and-cast.md#cast-operator-) an enum value to its underlying type, the result is the associated integral value of an enum member.
```
